miss
Let's get married.
OK, if you promise, there will be no chance of regret.
Let me know if you don't want to
Brother wait for me
You see?
This woman is back
Sure enough, you don't die for me
Brother, are you thinking too much?
Nian Nian and Comrade Zhou have set a wedding date
They're about to get married.
This is the track of missing
That's how he attracted me
Let's go
I knew it was selfish
After the wedding date with Fuyang was spread out
You will come to destroy
Mom, you misunderstood.
I came back to sign the account.
As for the marriage between Fuyang and Lin Sisi
I'm not interested.
Zhou Jianjian and I are also getting married.
In the future, this stinky man of health
Don't bring it back to me
You are not ashamed, I am ashamed
Auntie, please cooperate with the account you owe.
Nian Nian and I are waiting to get married
There are now 40 minutes until get off work.
I've made them wait.
I'll get off work when I'm done with this.
Hey
I have to call my cousin
What if Miss refuses to grab the account?
Hey, it's time to get off work.
It will take the afternoon to transfer the hukou.
Don't worry.
If your support refuses to move your hukou
I'll tell you right away